"The key!"
"Yeah, the key to the door of Dr. Daly's office."
"What about it?"
"On that Tuesday, the day before Dr. Daly... died." said the young man, "I opened the door to Dr. Daly's office and I left the key in the door like always.
"I started to clean the office," he said, "then I finished and wanted to close the door... but the key wasn't there."
"So what did you do?" I asked.
"I just closed the door to the office and went to clean the next office," he said. "That was the only thing to do. I'm sorry I didn't tell you...I just forgot."
"Did you find the key?"
"Yes," he said. "When I came back to Dr. Daly's office later, it was there again, in the door."

"And how long were you away?" I asked.
"About an hour," said Johnson.
An hour. "In an hour," I thought, "it's easy to go and make a second key. And then easy later to go into Jack Daly's office and get his gun."
"Do you still have your key?" I asked him. "Yes, I do," he said. "Here it is."
Johnson put the key on the table. It was small and didn't look very important, but it was the only thing I had. I took it.
"Thank you very much, Mr. Johnson," I said.
Very early the next morning, I drove to Jack Daly's office and parked the Chevy on the street. I looked for a store, the kind of store where they make keys. A hundred meters down the street I saw it. It was a hardware store called Mitchell. They made keys there.
Did Jack Daly's killer go to this store and make a second key to his office?
I opened the door and wear in
"Good morning," I said to the man in the store. "Are you Mr. Mitchell?"
He was about fifty-five. He wore a dirty brown T-shirt and he had a face like an angry dog. He didn't answer me.
I tried again. "Two weeks ago, on Tuesday morning," 1 said, "it was early, at about maybe right-thirty, somebody came in here to make a key like this." I opened my hand: there was the key.
"We're not open, lady," he said. "You're too early." He turned away.

My police badge was in my hand. I looked at it and then I looked at him. "My name is Detective Laine. When you see this. Mr. Mitchell, you're open 24/7!" I shouted.
"Understand?"
"Can I help you, Detective?"
I looked up and saw a big red-haired woman. "Mrs. Mitchell," I thought.
"I was here early that Tuesday," said the woman, "My husband was still in bed." She looked angrily at her husband, but she smiled at me.
The woman looked at the key. "Yes," she said. "It was a young woman, pretty, about twenty-five or twenty-six, I think.... short brown hair."
"A woman!" I thought.
"Can you tell me any more about her?" I asked. "No, nothing...sorry," she said.
I asked some more questions and about ten minutes later. I left the hardware store.
"Thanks for everything." I said to the woman, then turned to her husband, "and take it easy, Mr. Mitchell."
 I smiled. It was a good morning's work.

Chapter 5 The green Toyota

The next day, Judy and I went to say goodbye to Jack Daly at Fairmount Cemetery. It was a warm day and the trees were still green. It was a beautiful, sad day.
Judy and I stood and watched. I looked at the people there. A lot of them were doctors and nurses from the hospital. Jack Daly didn't have any family. His mother and father were dead, and he didn't have any brothers or sisters. There were some friends, many of them young women.
"Look at all these women," I said to Judy.
"Jack Daly was a ladies' man," she said. "He always had a lot of girlfriends!"
After it was finished, we started to walk away. But then. I saw a pretty young woman of about twenty-five. She had short brown hair.
"Who's that?" I asked Judy. "Is she from the hospital?" "I don't think so," she answered. "I don't know her.
Just then, the young woman started to walk away, fast. She walked to a green car-a Toyota.
"Listen," I said to Judy, "I'll see you later. I'm going to talk to her. I want to know who she is."
I left Judy. I walked fast too, but the young woman gor into her Toyota and drove away
I got into the Chevy and started to drive behind her. But she drove very fast. There were a lot of cars on the Denver streets and then, after some minutes, I wasn't behind the green Toyota anymore.

The only thing I had was Colorado PKY 2397, the number on the back of the car.
I stopped and called Danny Reno. I told him about the car and the number.
Five minutes later, Danny called back. He was happy. "Detective Laine," he said, "good news! The car's driver is Sandy Baker. She lives at 2327 Snowmass Street, Aspen, Colorado. I spoke to the Aspen Police Department. They're happy for you to talk to her."
I turned the Chevy around and got on the road to Aspen.

Chapter 6 The sister

Aspen is four hours from Denver by car. It's a beautiful town in the Rocky Mountains.
It was nine o'clock in the evening when I got to the house on Snowmass Street. I got out of the car and there was the green Toyota.
The young woman opened the door.
"Sandy Baker?" I said. "I'm Detective Flick Laine of the Denver Police Department. I'm here to talk about Jack Daly and why you were at Fairmount Cemetery today."
"Come in," she said. Her face was white.
We went into the living room.
"Please sit down. Detective Laine," she said. Then she spoke fast. "I'm sorry... um. I just wanted to see that he was dead, you see... for Jeff."
"Oh yeah?" I said. "Tell me about him."
"Jeff was my brother," she said. "He was a very good guy, and a very good football player... here's a picture of him,"
I looked at the picture. It was of a smiling young man in a green, white and orange Miami Dolphins football shirt. He had brown hair and nice eyes, just like his sister.
"It was just him and me." she said. "Our mother and father died when we were young, and we lived with my aunt, my mother's sister, here in Aspen. She died about five years ago. Jeff was the only person I had in the world."
Sandy Baker started to cry.

"He played football in school here," she said. "Everyone said he was very, very good. A star football player"
"And then...?"  I asked.
"After high school he went to college in Miami," said Sandy, and then she smiled, "but he just wanted to play football. In his second year, a man from the Miami Dolphins came to see him. He said that Jeff was a very good football player. But..."
"But what?"
"It was his back."
"His back?" I looked at her. She stopped crying, but her face was sad.
"Yes. Oh, at first it was nothing," she told me, "but then it gor had. He stopped playing football. He went to a doctor at the hospital."
"The doctor said, "There's something wrong with your back, but I can help you," said Sandy. "A month later the doctor 'helped my brother with his back and then Jeff
stopped walking too." "Stopped walking" I asked.
"That's right," she said.
"And the doctor was Dr. Jack Daly?" I asked.
"Yes," Sandy said. For a minute or two she said nothing more. Then she shouted, "My brother couldn't walk! He was twenty years old. Football was everything to him and he couldn't walk!"
"And so
"Two months later, Jeff was still in the hospital," she said. "Every day they gave him pills but he didn't take them. He pur them near his bed. Then one day he took all of them..." Sandy said.

"He killed himself?"
"Yes," she said. "Jeff killed himself."
For a minute she didn't speak. Then she said. "No. Jeff didn't kill himself. It was that stupid doctor! That stupid Jack Daly, Famous Dr. Jack Daly! He killed my brother!"
And then Jeff Baker's sister cried. She cried for a long time.
